README.md, before:

# Freelancer Time Tracker App
  
This is a project built with [Chef](https://chef.convex.dev) using [Convex](https://convex.dev) as its backend.
 You can find docs about Chef with useful information like how to deploy to production [here](https://docs.convex.dev/chef).
  
This project is connected to the Convex deployment named [`small-barracuda-254`](https://dashboard.convex.dev/d/small-barracuda-254).
  
## Project structure
  
The frontend code is in the `app` directory and is built with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/).
  
The backend code is in the `convex` directory.
  
`npm run dev` will start the frontend and backend servers.

## App authentication

Chef apps use [Convex Auth](https://auth.convex.dev/) with Anonymous auth for easy sign in. You may wish to change this before deploying your app.

## Developing and deploying your app

Check out the [Convex docs](https://docs.convex.dev/) for more information on how to develop with Convex.
* If you're new to Convex, the [Overview](https://docs.convex.dev/understanding/) is a good place to start
* Check out the [Hosting and Deployment](https://docs.convex.dev/production/) docs for how to deploy your app
* Read the [Best Practices](https://docs.convex.dev/understanding/best-practices/) guide for tips on how to improve you app further

## HTTP API

User-defined http routes are defined in the `convex/router.ts` file. We split these routes into a separate file from `convex/http.ts` to allow us to prevent the LLM from modifying the authentication routes.

Commit message:

Docs: note Netlify test server URL

README.md, after:

# Freelancer Time Tracker App
  
This is a project built with [Chef](https://chef.convex.dev) using [Convex](https://convex.dev) as its backend.
 You can find docs about Chef with useful information like how to deploy to production [here](https://docs.convex.dev/chef).
  
This project is connected to the Convex deployment named [`small-barracuda-254`](https://dashboard.convex.dev/d/small-barracuda-254).
 
You can test the latest build at https://freelancertimer.netlify.app/ (backed by the production Convex deployment URL `https://small-barracuda-254.convex.cloud`).

## Project structure
  
The frontend code is in the `app` directory and is built with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/).
  
The backend code is in the `convex` directory.
  
`npm run dev` will start the frontend and backend servers.

## App authentication

Chef apps use [Convex Auth](https://auth.convex.dev/) with Anonymous auth for easy sign in. You may wish to change this before deploying your app.

## Developing and deploying your app

Check out the [Convex docs](https://docs.convex.dev/) for more information on how to develop with Convex.
* If you're new to Convex, the [Overview](https://docs.convex.dev/understanding/) is a good place to start
* Check out the [Hosting and Deployment](https://docs.convex.dev/production/) docs for how to deploy your app
* Read the [Best Practices](https://docs.convex.dev/understanding/best-practices/) guide for tips on how to improve you app further

## HTTP API

User-defined http routes are defined in the `convex/router.ts` file. We split these routes into a separate file from `convex/http.ts` to allow us to prevent the LLM from modifying the authentication routes.
